Cleanup documentation for google calendar (#22027)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google.markdown

  - calendar
---

> The `google` integration allows you to connect to your [Google Calendars](https://calendar.google.com) to Home Assistant. The integration adds calendar entities which are shown on the *Calendar* dashboard, and can be used for automations based on any event, or limited to specific matching criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google integration allows you to connect to your [Google Calendars](https://calendar.google.com) to Home Assistant. The integration adds calendar entities that are shown on the *Calendar* dashboard, and can be used for automations based on any event, or limited to specific matching criteria.
```

## Troubleshooting

If you are trying to switch to a new Google account then you would run into the following error message. Make sure to delete the existing **.google.token** file from your `config` folder and restart Home Assistant to try again.

'oauth2client.client.HttpAccessTokenRefreshError: deleted_client: The OAuth client was deleted'

In case you get an `Authentication code expired, please restart Home-Assistant and try again` error message, switch your timezone to `Etc/GMT` and restart Home Assistant. This should fix the issue and the `google_calendars.yaml` configuration file will be created.
You can then switch back the timezone to your original one and restart Home Assistant again.

## Calendar Configuration

> The integration will discover new calendars and write them into a configuration file `google_calendars.yaml` in your configuration directory. The configuration file can let you control which calendars appear, or setup more elaborate event matching criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will discover new calendars and write them into a configuration file `google_calendars.yaml` in your configuration directory. The configuration file can let you control which calendars appear, or set up more elaborate event matching criteria.
```
